BulkUpsert request size limit and `.others` column for extra data as JSON (#11)
ydb-platform/fluent-bit-ydb: CHANGELOG.md

> * Add the logic to automatically limit the request sizes for BulkUpsert, to avoid the ingestion errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the logic to automatically limit the request sizes for BulkUpsert, to avoid the ingestion errors
```

> * Save extra input fields as the (optional) additional JSON-formatted field named `.other`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the saving extra input fields as the (optional) additional JSON-formatted field named `.other`
```

* Support for flexible schema parsers like `logfmt` on input

> * Avoid the loss of same-time messages by (optionally) adding extra `.hash` field containing the Cityhash64 computed over the record

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the lost of same-time messages by (optionally) adding extra `.hash` field containing the `Cityhash64` computed over the record
```

> ## 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
